Group: Custom Fields For Contacts
 
	User Type	Text Field	  
	Advisor name	Text Field	  
	Pdf File ID	Text Field	  
	Word File ID	Text Field	  
  	
Group: personal details
	Your health?	Text Field	   	
	Do you have a spouse?	Text Field	  
	Any family history of disease?	Text Field	  
	What hospital cover do you have? (Private)	Text Field	  
	Do you have a will?	Text Field	  
  	
Group: Tell Us About Your spouse
 
	First Name	Text Field	  
	Last Name	Text Field	  
	Gender	Text Field	  
	Date Of Birth	Text Field	  
	Mobile Number	Text Field	  
  	
Group: Your account details
 
	Financial Year/Tax Year	Text Field	  
	Annual Salary	Text Field	  
	Gross Income	Text Field	  
	Super Balance	Text Field	  
	Cash at bank	Text Field	  
	Salary Sacrifice	Text Field	  
	Non Concessional Contribution	Text Field	  
	Super Tax Rate	Text Field	  
	Desired Minimum Take Home Salary Per Annum	Text Field	  
	Insurance Premium per year	Text Field	  
	Investment Return	Text Field	  
	Variable Fee	Text Field	  
	Fixed Fee	Text Field	  
	Employer Contribution Level	Text Field	  
	Inflation	Text Field	  
	Wage Increase	Text Field	  
	Rate of Return	Text Field	  
	Retirement Age	Text Field	  
	Pension Start Age	Text Field	  
	Pension Drawdown Value	Text Field	  
	Pension Drawdown Base	Text Field	  
	Target Income	Text Field	  
  	
Group: Spouse's Account Details
 
	Annual Salary	Text Field	  
	Super Balance	Text Field	  
	Salary Sacrifice	Text Field	  
	Insurance Premium per year	Text Field	  
	Investment Return	Text Field	  
	Variable Fee	Text Field	  
	Fixed Fee	Text Field	  
	Employer Contribution Level	Text Field	  
	Inflation	Text Field	  
	Wage Increase	Text Field	  
	Retirement Age	Text Field	  
	Pension Start	Text Field	  
	Pension Drawdown Value	Text Field	  
	Pension Drawdown Base	Text Field	  
  	
Group: Assets
 
	Fund A type	Text Field	  
	Fund A list	Text Field	  
	Fund B type	Text Field	  
	Fund B list	Text Field	  
	Investment option	Text Field	  
	Fund A Name	Text Field	  
	Fund A Contribution Fee	Text Field	  
	Fund A Admin fee	Text Field	  
	Fund A Indirect cost ration	Text Field	  
	Fund B Name	Text Field	  
	Fund B Contribution Fee	Text Field	  
	Fund B Admin fee	Text Field	  
	Fund B Indirect cost ration	Text Field	  
  	
Group: Liability
 
	Home Mortgage	Text Field	  
	Investment Property Mortgage	Text Field	  
	Credit Card Debt	Text Field	  
	Car Loan	Text Field	  
	Personal Loan	Text Field	  
	Other Loan	Text Field	  
  	
Group: Other Expense
 
	Number of Financially Dependent Children	Text Field	  
	Age of First Child	Text Field	  
	Age of Second Child	Text Field	  
	Age of Third Child	Text Field	  
	Age of Fourth Child	Text Field	  
	Age of Fifth Child	Text Field	  
	Funeral Cost	Text Field	  
	Education Expense per year per child	Text Field	  
	Family Living Cost per year	Text Field	  
  	
Group: Existing Cover
 
	Life	Text Field	  
	TPD	Text Field	  
	Income Protection Per Month	Text Field	  
	Trauma	Text Field	  
	How many days of accrued sick leave do you have ?	Text Field	  
  	
Group: Other Assets
 
	Home Value	Text Field	  
	Home Contents	Text Field	  
	Vehicle Cost	Text Field	  
	Investment Property	Text Field	  
	Bank Investment	Text Field	  
	Listed Investment	Text Field	  
	Margin Loans	Text Field	  
	Allocated Pension	Text Field	  
	Other Investment	Text Field	  
	Net Rental Income	Text Field	  
	Other Income	Text Field	  
	Pension Income	Text Field	  
  	
Group: Optimisation of TTR Pension
 
	Net Return In Accumulation Phase	Text Field	  
	Tax Free Percentage Of Your Current Superannuation Balance	Text Field	  
	Net Return In Pension Phase	Text Field	  
	Superannuation Balance As At The Transition to Retirement Strategy Implementation Date	Text Field	  
  	
Group: Asset Allocation details
 
	Initial Investment Amount	Text Field	  
	Initial Australian Shares	Text Field	  
	Initial International Shares	Text Field	  
	Initial International Shares (Hedged)	Text Field	  
	Initial US Shares	Text Field	  
	Initial Australian Bonds	Text Field	  
	Initial International Bonds (Hedged)	Text Field	  
	Initial Cash	Text Field	  
	Initial Australian Listed Property	Text Field	  
	Initial International Listed Property	Text Field	  
	Initial total percentage	Text Field	  
	Do you want to change your asset allocation during the investment period?	Text Field	  
	From which year you would like to alter your investment strategy?	Text Field	  
	Altered Australian Shares	Text Field	  
	Altered International Shares	Text Field	  
	Altered International Shares (Hedged)	Text Field	  
	Altered US Shares	Text Field	  
	Altered Australian Bonds	Text Field	  
	Altered International Bonds (Hedged)	Text Field	  
	Altered Cash	Text Field	  
	Altered Australian Listed Property	Text Field	  
	Altered International Listed Property	Text Field	  
	Altered Total Percentage	Text Field	  
  	
Group: Private school fee comparison
 
	Beginning of the year of analysis	Text Field	  
	What year will you start contributing to the investment portfolio?	Text Field	  
	Which portfolio best suits your needs?	Text Field	  
	First Child Name	Text Field	  
	Is your first child currently enrolled in school? Yes	Text Field	  
	No Which year will you enrol your first child in school?	Text Field	  
	How many years will your first child attend school?	Text Field	  
	What major would your first child like to choose at University?	Text Field	  
	Second Child Name	Text Field	  
	Is your second child currently enrolled in school?	Text Field	  
	No Which year will you enrol your second child in school?	Text Field	  
	How many years will your second child attend school?	Text Field	  
	Which school will your second child be enrolled at?	Text Field	  
	Third Child Name	Text Field	  
	Is your third child currently enrolled in school?	Text Field	  
	No Which year will you enrol your third child in school?	Text Field	  
	How many years will your third child attend school?	Text Field	  
	Which school will your third child be enrolled at?	Text Field	  
	What major would your third child like to choose at University?	Text Field	  
	Fourth Child Name	Text Field	  
	Is your fourth child currently enrolled in school?	Text Field	  
	Which year will you enrol your child in school?	Text Field	  
	How many years will your fourth child attend school?	Text Field	  
	Which school will your fourth child be enrolled at?	Text Field	  
	What major would your fourth child like to choose at University?	Text Field	  
	Fifth Child Name	Text Field	  
	Is your fifth child currently enrolled in school?	Text Field	  
	Which year will you enrol your fifth child in school?	Text Field	  
	How many years will your fifth child attend school?	Text Field	  
	Which school will your fifth child be enrolled at?	Text Field	  
	What major would your fifth child like to choose at University?	Text Field	  
  	
Group: Goal Based Advice
 
	Protect my income	Text Field	  
	Simplify my finances	Text Field	  
	Give them the best chance	Text Field	  
	Start accessing my super	Text Field	  
	Retirement living options	Text Field	  
	We're married, now what?	Text Field	  
	Buy a home	Text Field	  
	Pursue a passion	Text Field	  
	Save for something big	Text Field	  
	Invest in property	Text Field	  
	Be debt free	Text Field	  
	Retire right	Text Field	  
What are Custom Fields?
Custom fields are extra data fields you can add to all contact, organization, opportunity, lead and project records to capture additional information when creating and saving those records. You can add up to 200 additional fields per record in either text format, date format, or chosen from a list of options you specify. You can filter the list of contacts, organizations, opportunities, leads or projects based upon custom field criteria. Data can also be imported into custom fields using the CSV data import feature, and all CSV exported data records include any custom field data too.

Customer Support Blog API  Android App 
  iPhone App Terms of Service Privacy Policy
